# [Forum thread 263918](https://omgboards.com/threads/1mb-angelchest-feature.263918/)

live version on the website:

# 1MB /angelchest feature

Thread is a WIP as this feature is fairly new. If you believe some information is missing feel free to reach out to staff.

Players will soon be able to die and have their items stored in an angelchest, this currently is a chest with a hologram above it, but,this design might change over time. 

Players will have 10 minutes to find their chest, the last one, of course, being at /dback, after which the chest expires, and the items drop on the floor. 

Players can have multiple angel chests. Each with their own expiry timer.

More info at /angelchest, which also opens the GUI where players can see the xyz locations and see the timers. 

Right now during testing, it's 'free' to unlock a chest, it will soon cost either money or a special item. 

We're still setting up the plugin, settings and behavior might change.

# Commands
`/angelchest`
- This will show some introduction information to this feature, and a link to the forum thread with more information. 
- And then open the angelchest gui

`/acgui`
A quick command to open the angelchest gui

# Permissions
- A player is allowed to have multiple angelchests, and they have a period of time to find their angelchests and right-click them to collect their information. 
- Other players are not allowed to take the items from these chests. 
- Once an angelchest has expired it will drop the items on the floor at which point those items are 'fair game', though we request players to be nice human beings and consider returning the items.

[image]

The top row shows your equipped armor, offhand, and your stored exp.
The other 3 rows is your inventory, and the bottom row is your hotbar.


